feat: add initial msc proposals (#29)
lamalab-org/lamalab.github.io: content/team/_index.md

each new hire is an opportunity for us to bring in a different perspective, and we are always eager to diversify our team further.

we value doing impactful work. [but we do not believe in rushing things, but instead aim for a sustainable pace.](https://kjablonka.com/blog/posts/take_it_easy/)

> for students pursuing a masters degree, we compiled a list of potential topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for students pursuing a master's degree, we compiled a list of potential topics. however, we are happy to also explore projects beyond this list. 
```
